# packages in environment at C:\Users\kooste\miniconda3\envs\price-check:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohttp                   3.6.3            py38h1e8a9f7_2    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
attrs                     20.2.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.9.3              pyhb0f4dca_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38hab1e662_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.6.20            hecda079_0    conda-forge
cachetools                4.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.6.20        py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.3           py38h0e640b1_1    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py38h9bdc248_1008    conda-forge
click                     7.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.1.1            py38h0e640b1_1    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               hd328e21_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.23.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  1.12.4             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.22.0                     py_0    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.0.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.1                      py_2    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.52.0           py38hc8b782b_0    conda-forge
httplib2                  0.18.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
icu                       67.1                 h33f27b4_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2020.1                      216  
jpeg                      9d                   he774522_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py38h95a2b95_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0                    16_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0                    16_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  10.0.1          default_hf44288c_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0                    16_mkl    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               ha81a0f5_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.13.0.1             h200bbdf_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                h885aae3_6    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                h62dcd97_2    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.3.2            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.3.2            py38h6584adb_1    conda-forge
mkl                       2020.1                      216  
multidict                 4.7.5            py38h1e8a9f7_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.2           py38hdf1ac2f_1    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1h               he774522_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.3            py38h3ef910b_2    conda-forge
pillow                    8.0.0            py38h1d4d63c_0    conda-forge
pip                       20.2.4                     py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.13.0.1         py38h7ae7562_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pyjwt                     1.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py38h7ae7562_4    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
python                    3.8.6           h60c2a47_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      1_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               hb2cf2c5_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.6                pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
simplejson                3.17.2           py38h1e8a9f7_1    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.0.1                      py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.33.0               he774522_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               he774522_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py38h1e8a9f7_2    conda-forge
uritemplate               3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.11                    py_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.1                 h869be7e_1    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.16.27012          h30e32a0_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.35.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2             py38h32f6830_1005    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h62dcd97_1    conda-forge
yarl                      1.5.1            py38h1e8a9f7_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h62dcd97_1010    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.5                h1f3a1b7_2    conda-forge
